The Joe Rogan experience.
What did you think about when they attached in the COVID relief bill?
180 days for the CIA to release all the information they have about the UFOs.
<Laugh> that's that? That's one of the things I love about this.
This is we can go for, yeah. Oh my God. It's.
Can't be taken seriously that way.
Yeah, no, no, but I will say this. I tell people this all the time, they say,
they say, why is it? So what I tell you, I say,
because he's curious about everything,
he's genuinely curious about everything and that's a, that's a,
it's a good question. Look, I'm happy that, that, uh, when it comes to UFOs,
there's a lot of things that the agency needs to keep, you know, off the radar,
right. For sources and methods, right? It's a need to know issue. And Frank,
again, going back to what's in, in, you know, the us best interest,
you know, for that day,
when China decides to release all of their Intel operations and information,
then great. Maybe it's time for us to be transparent, but that's not the way.
The world works. You think that's what it is. A lot of it is just, uh,
secret programs, defense.
Vehicles. Well, no, what I'm saying, what I'm saying is, is, oh,
in terms of the UFO thing. Yeah. Yeah. Great portion of it is yeah.
Great portion of it is, uh, is, uh, 50%. Oh, now the
47% actually. But don't tell anybody said that <laugh>, that's well known,
um, inside the community. Uh, yeah, no, look, I,
I think it's good because I think the look it's for the same reason that
Pentagon released the information about AIP, about the advanced Aon thread, uh,
identification program. I think, I think it's actually good.
There's no reason why we shouldn't,
unless you are talking about developmental aircraft as an example. Right.
Right.
Which is important because when you're talking about how hypersonic aircraft or,
or missiles or whatever it is, there's some stuff that needs to be kept off the,
off the radar screen, uh, because there is a,
a tremendous competition going on right now for,
particularly for things like control of space. That's a,
that's gonna be a huge issue, right? Yeah.
About because the weaponization of space for a long time, people are thinking,
oh, space, it's a great exploration and it's good for mankind. And frankly, um,
you know, there is a race to figure out how to weaponize space. And so,
as an example of what we're talking about, the idea of, of just saying, oh,
we're gonna open the books as a country and reveal all our information about,
you know, developmental aircraft as an example, that's the wrong move. Right.
Because, but.
Do you think the, there are any credible stories,
whether it's from commander David FRA who saw that tic-tac vehicle
off the coast of San Diego or what, whatever video.
Yeah. If I had to point to one, I would say Frager. Yeah.
I would say without a doubt,
I'd say the one that if I were somebody who's looking for some redemption,
because I've been beating the drum about UFOs and nobody's ever believed me,
they always roll their eyes.
I would say the one thing that would give them comfort would be the,
the incident with, uh, commander FRA and, and that, uh,
sighting mm-hmm, <affirmative>, that's,
that's one that I have yet to see an explanation for that makes any sense.
Well, not only that there's they tracked it. Yeah. Like there's oh yeah, yeah.
And then also it blocked their, uh, radar systems,
which is an act of war and actively jammed radar systems. It's it's,
it's not simple as like they saw something, they didn't know what it was like,
they tracked this thing going from, uh,
I think it was close to 80,000 feet above sea level to one right down. Yeah.
In one second. Yeah. No signs of propulsion. Yeah. Uh, no heat signatures,
nothing. Right. And it was just, it was a, yeah. It's,
it's one of those things you look at and you go, okay. And, and look,
the AIP program made sense in the sense that, you know, if, if, uh,
a nation is out there, if Chinese are out there, the Russians, whomever,
and they're developing a, a propulsion capability that we don't know about,
then yeah. We should have a mechanism, uh, within the Pentagon,
within the Intel community to understand what that is. Let's, let's research,
it's investigate. Right. And so oftentimes, you know,
they come to a logical conclusion, the FRA incident, I have yet to see any,
um, information that explains it. Right. So that to me, and,
and also as you pointed out the way that it was, uh, tracked the,
the verification of it from very credible, uh, you know, individuals, uh,
that to me is, is a, like the, the prime example.
And they have video footage of this thing too. And then on top of that.
They've got camera footage. It's incredible. Yeah.
And the Nimit saying that these things are fairly common that they're seeing
them every couple of weeks. Yeah. They were seeing em, and you know,
when FRAs like, Hey guys, what the is this? And they're like, yeah, you see it.
Yeah. We've been seeing these.
Things and there's no upside for somebody like that. A very well respected,
you know, aviator, uh, with great experience.
There's no upside for these guys to come forward. Right. In fact, there's,
there's pressure to not because it's not necessarily good for your career.
Right. Right. To come in and say, I think I saw UFO. Right.
What do you think is going on?
Uh, I don't know. We we've talked about that before. I I'm not, you know.
I'm trying to get the right answer outta,
keep asking it too for forget what you said before. Yeah. I.
Know. Right. You forgot about the bet. I shouldn't have opened my mouth.
<laugh> oh, I know people would go back to that though.
They would've called me out. If Trump comes back and runs, they would've said,
oh, you owe him a thousand bucks. Can't wait.
To get that screaming Eagle in here that I'm gonna buy.
<Laugh>, you know, I'm gonna put, I'll buy it for you with the money.
And I'll put a little plaque on there to where it came from. Big bronze,
bronze Eagle. I know big, Aw, God, I've got one. I, I, uh,
I gave a speech one time up for a veteran's day event and they, uh,
they gave, it was very kind. They gave me this big Eagle.
I keep it in my office now. It's fantastic. I,
I keep in the background when I do news segments from my office and it's,
it's like perched over my shoulder. Nice. And you gotta have one in here. Uh,
anyway, I, you know, I, I don't know. I, you think about it at all. I, yeah,
I do. In the terms of, and, and, and like I said, with black files to classify,
coming up, I just got another plugin. We, um, we're gonna do an episode that's.
On the discovery channel.
Isn't it? It is on discovery channel and you know, what,
what you can see the entire first season on discovery plus. Uh,
so I, I, I think it's,
it's foolish to discount these things cuz I, I there's so much, we don't know.
Right. So, and the idea of, of, of thinking that somehow we're the only,
you know, credible life forms out there I think is, is ridiculous.
So I think it's a, there's a high possibility that, um,
that, that there's yes. I, I, I do think that, but at the same time,
then I also question, uh, sort of the, the way that that's great.
If,
if some alien life force with amazing technology that we can't even fathom right
now comes to visit us <affirmative> then what the hell are they doing?
Are they just sort of like watching us just for the entertainment value or so I
I'm always puzzled by that part. Like, you know, the idea that, you know, I,
I dunno, well, they.
Probably wanna observe, but they want don't want to interfere.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> as probably if they're super advanced,
they probably realize there's a process that intelligent life goes through where
they're stages of their evolutionary development in terms of use of technology,
understanding of each other mitigation of war and conflict,
and then ultimately entrance into the gala galactic Federation <laugh>
catch new episodes. The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog JRE videos on Spotify, including clips,
easily seamlessly switch between video and audio experience
on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.